# amazeR

## mazeR.R

- Original script from https://github.com/matfmc/mazegenerator.
- It has been modified to make the maze narrower.


## generate_results_doSNOW.R

- Purpose: To simulate a player's random step in the maze.

**Objects of interest**

- N: Total number of simulations.
- xx e yy: Board size.
- ini: Simple random sample without restoring the initial game conditions.
- first_plot: Starting plot of the board.
- results: Outputs of the simulations already organized to be used in Machine Learning.
- game: Conditions played.


## amazeR_functions.R

**Functions:**

**get_game(nb, input, exit, position)**
+ Purpose: To create the maze by adding input, output and position of the player.
+ nb: Simplified maze board.
+ input: Coordinate of entrance of the labyrinth.
+ exit: Coordinate of exit from the labyrinth.
+ position: Character's current position.
+ Inside get_game() has fobj(), an objective function, which scores the reward.

**get_result_state(results)**
+ Purpose: To organize game information.
+ results: Collection of some matches for the same board.

**plot_maze(board_cells, input, exit, boxes)**
+ Purpose: Plot the game using ggplot. In the generated graph the lines are in reverse coordinate of the board. X axis represents columns and y axis lines.
+ board_cells: Board generated by mazeR.R.
+ entrance: Coordinate of entrance of the labyrinth.
+ exit: Coordinate of exit from the labyrinth.
+ boxes: Matrix containing valid coordinates in random walk.

**plot_update(first_plot, position)**
+ Purpose: Update the player's position on the graph.
+ first_plot: Object that stores the first plot_maze().
+ position: Player's current position.

**get_pos(position)**
+ Purpose: Returns the current position.

**get_moves(position, nb)**
+ Purpose: Given the current position, return the possible movements.
+ position: Character's current position.
+ nb: Simplified maze board.

**nb_update(nb, input, exit, position)**
+ Purpose: Update the player's position on the board.
+ nb: Simplified maze board.
+ input: Coordinate of entrance of the labyrinth.
+ exit: Coordinate of exit from the labyrinth.
+ position: Character's current position.
